{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff1\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Calibri;}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd
\pard\li720\ri0\fi-720\f1\fs22
{\f1\fs22 Al-Dujaili, A., Huang, A., Hemberg, E., & O\u8217?Reilly, U.-M. (2018). Adversarial deep learning for robust detection of binary encoded malware. 2018 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops (SPW), \par }
{\f1\fs22 Anderson, H. S., & Roth, P. (2018). Ember: an open dataset for training static PE malware machine learning models. }{\f1\fs22\i arXiv preprint arXiv:1804.04637}{\f1\fs22 . https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1804.04637 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Arp, D., Quiring, E., Pendlebury, F., Warnecke, A., Pierazzi, F., Wressnegger, C., Cavallaro, L., & Rieck, K. (2024). Pitfalls in Machine Learning for Computer Security. }{\f1\fs22\i Commun. ACM}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  67}{\f1\fs22 (11), 104\u8211?112. https://doi.org/10.1145/3643456 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Aryal, K., Gupta, M., Abdelsalam, M., Kunwar, P., & Thuraisingham, B. (2025). A Survey on Adversarial Attacks for Malware Analysis. }{\f1\fs22\i IEEE Access}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  13}{\f1\fs22 , 428-459. https://doi.org/10.1109/access.2024.3519524 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Biggio, B., & Roli, F. (2018). Wild patterns: Ten years after the rise of adversarial machine learning. }{\f1\fs22\i Pattern Recognition}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  84}{\f1\fs22 , 317-331. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patcog.2018.07.023 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Cortellazzi, J., Quiring, E., Arp, D., Pendlebury, F., Pierazzi, F., & Cavallaro, L. (2025). Intriguing Properties of Adversarial ML Attacks in the Problem Space [Extended Version]. }{\f1\fs22\i ACM Trans. Priv. Secur.}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  28}{\f1\fs22 (4), Article 42. https://doi.org/10.1145/3742895 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Demetrio, L., Coull, S. E., Biggio, B., Lagorio, G., Armando, A., & Roli, F. (2021). Adversarial exemples: A survey and experimental evaluation of practical attacks on machine learning for windows malware detection. }{\f1\fs22\i ACM Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS)}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  24}{\f1\fs22 (4), 1-31. https://doi.org/10.1145/3473039 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Doan, B. G., Yang, S., Montague, P., De Vel, O., Abraham, T., Camtepe, S., Kanhere, S. S., Abbasnejad, E., & Ranashinghe, D. C. (2023). Feature-space bayesian adversarial learning improved malware detector robustness. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, \par }
{\f1\fs22 Grosse, K., Papernot, N., Manoharan, P., Backes, M., & McDaniel, P. (2016). Adversarial perturbations against deep neural networks for malware classification. }{\f1\fs22\i arXiv preprint arXiv:1606.04435}{\f1\fs22 . \par }
{\f1\fs22 Jedrzejewski, F. V., Thode, L., Fischbach, J., Gorschek, T., Mendez, D., & Lavesson, N. (2024). Adversarial Machine Learning in Industry: A Systematic Literature Review. }{\f1\fs22\i Computers & security.}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  145}{\f1\fs22 , 103988. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cose.2024.103988 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Kreuk, F., Barak, A., Aviv-Reuven, S., Baruch, M., Pinkas, B., & Keshet, J. (2018). Deceiving end-to-end deep learning malware detectors using adversarial examples. }{\f1\fs22\i arXiv preprint arXiv:1802.04528}{\f1\fs22 . https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1802.04528 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Li, D., Li, Q., Ye, Y., & Xu, S. (2023). Arms Race in Adversarial Malware Detection: A Survey. }{\f1\fs22\i ACM Computing Surveys}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  55}{\f1\fs22 (1), 1-35. https://doi.org/10.1145/3484491 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Liu, H., Sun, W., Niu, N., & Wang, B. (2022, 3-5 Oct. 2022). MultiEvasion: Evasion Attacks Against Multiple Malware Detectors. 2022 IEEE Conference on Communications and Network Security (CNS), \par }
{\f1\fs22 Papernot, N., McDaniel, P., Jha, S., Fredrikson, M., Celik, Z. B., & Swami, A. (2016). The limitations of deep learning in adversarial settings. 2016 IEEE European symposium on security and privacy (EuroS&P), \par }
{\f1\fs22 Raff, E., Barker, J., Sylvester, J., Brandon, R., Catanzaro, B., & Nicholas, C. (2017). Malware detection by eating a whole exe. }{\f1\fs22\i arXiv preprint arXiv:1710.09435}{\f1\fs22 . https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1710.09435 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Suciu, O., Coull, S. E., & Johns, J. (2019). Exploring adversarial examples in malware detection. 2019 IEEE Security and Privacy Workshops (SPW), \par }
{\f1\fs22 Vassilev, A., Oprea, A., Fordyce, A., & Anderson, H. (2024). }{\f1\fs22\i Adversarial Machine Learning: A Taxonomy and Terminology of Attacks and Mitigations}{\f1\fs22 . https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.AI.100-2e2023 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Wang, Y., Liu, J., & Chang, X. (2019). }{\f1\fs22\i Assessing transferability of adversarial examples against malware detection classifiers}{\f1\fs22  Proceedings of the 16th ACM International Conference on Computing Frontiers, Alghero, Italy. https://doi.org/10.1145/3310273.3323072\par }
{\f1\fs22 Yan, S., Ren, J., Wang, W., Sun, L., Zhang, W., & Yu, Q. (2023). A Survey of Adversarial Attack and Defense Methods for Malware Classification in Cyber Security. }{\f1\fs22\i IEEE Communications surveys and tutorials}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  25}{\f1\fs22 (1), 467-496. https://doi.org/10.1109/COMST.2022.3225137 \par }
{\f1\fs22 Yuan, X., He, P., Zhu, Q., & Li, X. (2019). Adversarial examples: Attacks and defenses for deep learning. }{\f1\fs22\i IEEE transactions on neural networks and learning systems}{\f1\fs22 ,}{\f1\fs22\i  30}{\f1\fs22 (9), 2805-2824. \par }}